Update lora.md with a more accurate description of rank (#6724)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/training/lora.md

Many of the basic and important parameters are described in the [Text-to-image](text2image#script-parameters) training guide, so this guide just focuses on the LoRA relevant parameters:

> - `--rank`: the inner dimension of low-rank matrices to train, higher rank is more trainable parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--rank`: the inner dimension of the low-rank matrices to train; a higher rank means more trainable parameters
```
